It's your mother who thinks you made money this time by luck.
But corporate management can't just rely on luck.
So, I want to continue to stay at Tinh Vu investment company to experience.
I don't care about the return, please rest assured.
As long as you come up with an investment method within a month
20 points profit for the company
I've agreed to let you into headquarters.
It doesn't take a month.
Up to 3 days
I could double the company's profits.
Three days, this idiot is an idiot.
Double performance in three days
It's impossible.
But I also have a request.
What request?
If I finish.
Let my mother take care of me for three days.
What does this idiot mean?
Okay, I promise.
But what if you don't finish?
If I don't finish, just like before.
I don't care about the company anymore.
Here's what you said.
I told you.
Okay, haha.
That's it.